so when it comes to makeup brushes I'm
not picky at all I'm probably the least
picky person I don't care if its
higher-end Mac Brandt or you know Laura
brands I just really want to save money
pretty much and if it does this job does
its job it doesn't matter what kind of
brand it is as long as the bristles are
good and fairly dense it will work right
so I shadow brushes I have this one
which is the elf one um it's not
extremely dense it's fairly it's like
all right I let see gonna see you buddy
it's pretty nice nicely shaped so it
gets you I gets a lot of eye shadow on
it and just pattern on so the elf brush
it these are dollar if you're starting
out with makeup please I highly
recommend you guys save money dogs just
go straight to the mad cuz I don't even
own a lot of max yeah I don't lie my
brushes I'm what else yeah so check it
out eyes lips face calm i think i'm not
sure i'll put the link down there hmm
what if we started out with makeup I
tried to find brushes that were within
my range so if it wasn't the elf brush I
had to order that you know shipping and
handling and taxes and whatever it was
like well was it really worth it and I
didn't know so prior to that i went to
walmart and i found some brushes their
DC brushes their eye shadow brush um
this is a little one right here and this
is there a good one oh my god i
absolutely love this they're super super
done saving more dense and elf ones um I
really really really like this it
reminds this brush fermenter the 239
exactly i would say as dance you know if
not even more that's just my opinion
these brushes are magic they pack on so
many eyeshadows and you work extremely
well so i would highly recommend you
guys to go to walmart and purchases I
know Walmart eat when you think but one
were you a little bit skeptical with the
brushes but you know what it does
job okay and I believe this is 297 in
this 397 correct me wrong but I'm just
assuming i forgot i got these a while
ago like year ago so those are the
eyeshadow brush it now blending brushes
need a good blending brush um to do your
job right so I got two brushes it comes
in a cassette I think yeah I think so
i'm not sure but there by posh posh posh
this is the smaller one and this is the
larger one see i know i was as a child I
always use this to blend out in my
creases um sorry my banks is really
annoying and this one is used to get an
immature that mm-hmm yep they're really
really good there's soft um not that
dense but workable very cheap I would
purchase these brushes went on sale
that's how I got them I got them at
farmer class you have like this coupon
for three dollars off and that's how I
got this so wait for that if not then
pay full price right ok so those are my
five favorite brushes but also I have to
be extra and show you guys another brush
and then to brush this is that Annabelle
a 21 and it works so well which as a
highlight highlighting brush like as a
highlight so highlighting brush then you
have this one also a constant wash kit
and it's a dual ended brush and it works
extremely well when you're doing your
eyebrows see just like building it
yeah these are my brushes I hope they
help you guys for those which started
with me don't need those higher end
brands to make your look work these are
very cheap alternative but they do your
job I will see you guys next time peace
whoa I look like a mess